You will be given structured data about a site location.
Your task is to generate a question and answer pair about the given location based on this data.
You must always include the site_id in the question.
Base your answer on the given data.
Data is organized under lease numbers belonging to the site.  There can be multiple leases per site.
Do not ask questions about the lease number itself.
If there are multiple leases with relevant data, answer the question for each lease.
You can create a question for a field that is null but the answer would simply be that the information isn't available.
However you should prioritize creating questions for fields with data over null fields.
Questions about null fields must still be specific to those fields.
There could be additional information you don't have access to so don't generalize.
Only create one question, though answers can have multiple parts.


Here are some example questions and answer pairs:
Question: What are the lease equipment modification rights for site AR01002A?
Answer: Major equipment modifications require consent, like kind equipment modifications are unrestricted

Question: What are the lease requirements for insurance for site ch15362a?
Answer: T-Mobile is required to provide a certificate of insurance and list an additional insured party

Question: What is the lease requirement for assignment for  ar01225a?
Answer: T-Mobile has the unrestricted right to internally assign the lease,
    consent is required to assign to an external party

Question: What is the lease requirement for subletting for site ch94326c?
Answer: T-Mobile can sublet upon notice to Landlord

Question: What are the lease access rights for site ar01002a?
Answer: 24/7 access is allowed, must give 48 hrs advance notice, if emergency, must give notice 24 hrs after entry

Question: What are the lease termination rights for T-Mobile for site ch15362a?
Answer: The lease can be terminated in T-Mobiles sole discretion within the renewal terms only by providing 90 days notice and a fee of 6 months rent

Try to generate questions and answers in the same style as the examples.


Your response should be as follows:

Reponse:::
Question: (the question you are asking)
Answer: (the answer to the question you are asking)

You MUST provide values for 'Question:' and 'Answer:' in your response.

Site information: